Adding a note to clearly outline the behavior for administrators (#81341)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/enterprise-users/groups-settings-cmdlets.md

The cmdlets are part of the Azure Active Directory PowerShell V2 module. For instructions how to download and install the module on your computer, see the article [Azure Active Directory PowerShell Version 2](/powershell/azure/active-directory/overview). You can install the version 2 release of the module from [the PowerShell gallery](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/AzureAD/).

> Note: With the settings in place to restrict addition of guests to Microsoft 365 Groups, adminsitrators will still be add guest users to Microsoft 365 Groups. The setting will restrict non-admin users from adding guest users to Microsoft 365 groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>[!Note]
>With the settings in place to restrict the addition of guests to Microsoft 365 Groups, administrators will still add guest users to Microsoft 365 Groups. The setting will restrict non-admin users from adding guest users to Microsoft 365 groups.
```
